Fixes #10406 - Add note about possible error (#10409)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Clipboard.md

### Example 3: Copy the contents of a file to the clipboard

> This example pipes the contents of a file,a public ssh key, to the clipboard. Then, the key can be
> pasted into another application, like GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example pipes the contents of a file, a public ssh key, to the clipboard. Then, the key can be
pasted into another application, like GitHub.
```

### -Append

> Indicates that the cmdlet doesn't clear the clipboard and appends content to it.

Reviewer: Nit: I wonder if we should make this more obvious by replacing this line with something like:

```suggestion
Indicates that the cmdlet should add to the clipboard instead of replacing it. By default, the
cmdlet clears the current content from the clipboard and sets it to the new content. When this
parameter is specified, the cmdlet appends the new content after a newline to the current content.
```
